docs: Update CHANGELOG.md through version 0.3.0 (#63)
xmldom/xmldom: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.3.0

[Commits](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/compare/0.2.1...0.3.0)

- **BREAKING** Node >=10.x is now required.
- **BREAKING** Removed component.json (deprecated package manager https://github.com/componentjs/guide)
- **BREAKING** Moved existing sources into `lib` subdirectory.
- Update devDependency `proof`

> - Removed `.npmignore` in favor of `files` entry in `package.json`.

Reviewer: Is removing `. npmignore ` visible from the npm package?

(I think it is but am not 100% sure. I do recall npm always converting `.gitignore` to `.npmignore`.)

I would maybe turn this around:

```suggestion
- Introduce `files` entry in `package.json` and remove use of `.npmignore`.
```

> 

Reviewer: remove extra blank line (??)

```suggestion
```

- [Added `Document.getElementsByClassName`](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/issues/24).
- [Added `Node` to the list of exports](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/pull/27)
- [Added lowercase of åäö in `entityMap`](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/pull/23).
- More `package.json` cleanup/refactoring.
- Moved CHANGELOG to markdown file.
- Moved LICENSE to markdown file.
- Fixed travis CI.
- README updates.

## 0.2.1

[Commits](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/compare/0.2.0...0.2.1)

- Correct `homepage`, `repository` and `bugs` URLs in `package.json`.

## 0.2.0

[Commits](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/compare/v0.1.27...0.2.0)

**Includes all BREAKING changes introduced in [`xmldom-alpha@v0.1.28`](#0128-only-via-xmldom-alpha-npm-package) and in later commits to master by the original authors.**

- **BREAKING?** [removes the `Object.create` check from the `_extends` method of `dom.js` that added a `__proto__` property](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/commit/0be2ae910a8a22c9ec2cac042e04de4c04317d2a#diff-7d1c5d97786fdf9af5446a241d0b6d56L19-L22) ().

> - **BREAKING?** [removed code that added a `__proto__` property](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/commit/366159a76a181ce9a0d83f5dc48205686cfaf9cc)

Reviewer: I don't really like `?` in changelog.

I would sometimes add "POSSIBLY BREAKING" to commit messages for changes when I am unsure about this.

The new maintainers do not plan to continue publishing the `xmldom-alpha` package.

The new maintainers did not invest time to understand changes that led to the last `xmldom` version `v0.1.27` published by the original maintainer, but consider it the basis for their work.
A time line of all the things that happened from that version until `0.3.0` is available in <https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/issues/62> and related questions should be asked there.

## 0.1.28 (only via xmldom-alpha npm package)

[Commits](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/compare/v0.1.27...xmldom-alpha@v0.1.28)

published by @jindw on the 9th of May 2017 

- [`license` field in `package.json` was fixed](https://github.com/jindw/xmldom/pull/178)
- [Conditional converting of HTML entities](https://github.com/jindw/xmldom/pull/80)
  - BREAKING [introduced regression regarding `&nbsp;`](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/issues/57) 
- `dom.js` fixed serialization issue for missing document element ([example that failed on `toString()` before this change](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/blob/a58dcf7a265522e80ce520fe3be0cddb1b976f6f/test/parse/unclosedcomment.js#L10-L11))
- new module `entities.js`

> ## 0.1.27 (via xmldom and xmldom-alpha npm package)

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
## 0.1.27 (via xmldom and xmldom-alpha npm packages)
```

published by @jindw on the 28th of Nov 2016

- Various bug fixes.

> - Don't ask why 0.1.26 and 0.1.25 were skipped here, but they have been released only to xmldom npm package on the same day as 0.1.27. `¯\_(ツ)_/¯`

Reviewer: How about something like this:

```suggestion
## 0.1.26 - only via xmldom-alpha npm package

- Various bug fixes.

## 0.1.25 - only via xmldom-alpha npm package

- Various bug fixes.
```

> ## 0.1.24 (via xmldom and xmldom-alpha package)

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
## 0.1.24 - via xmldom and xmldom-alpha packages
```

## 0.3.0

[Commits](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/compare/0.2.1...0.3.0)

- **BREAKING** Node >=10.x is now required.
- **BREAKING** Remove `component.json` (deprecated package manager https://github.com/componentjs/guide)
- **BREAKING** Move existing sources into `lib` subdirectory.
- **POSSIBLY BREAKING** Introduce `files` entry in `package.json` and remove use of `.npmignore`.
- [Add `Document.getElementsByClassName`](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/issues/24).
- [Add `Node` to the list of exports](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/pull/27)
- [Add lowercase of åäö in `entityMap`](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/pull/23).
- More `package.json` cleanup/refactoring.
- Move CHANGELOG to markdown file.
- Move LICENSE to markdown file.
- Fix travis CI.
- README updates.

## 0.2.1

[Commits](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/compare/0.2.0...0.2.1)

- Correct `homepage`, `repository` and `bugs` URLs in `package.json`.

## 0.2.0

[Commits](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/compare/v0.1.27...0.2.0)

> **Includes all BREAKING changes introduced in [`xmldom-alpha@v0.1.28`](#0128) and in later commits to master by the original authors.**

Author: Ah, I see this is misleading, I think I fixed this now. I thought I shouldn't duplicate the changes from `0.1.28` here, that's why I linked them. the commits on master are of course what is described below.

- **POSSIBLY BREAKING** [removes the `Object.create` check from the `_extends` method of `dom.js` that added a `__proto__` property](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/commit/0be2ae910a8a22c9ec2cac042e04de4c04317d2a#diff-7d1c5d97786fdf9af5446a241d0b6d56L19-L22) ().
- **POSSIBLY BREAKING** [removes code that added a `__proto__` property](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/commit/366159a76a181ce9a0d83f5dc48205686cfaf9cc)
- formatting/corrections in `package.json`
- Remove coveralls.
- Disable cache in travis.
- Other refactoring.

## 0.1.31

[Commits](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/compare/v0.1.27...v0.1.31)

The patch versions (`v0.1.29` - `v0.1.31`) that have been released on the [v0.1.x branch](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/tree/0.1.x), to reflect the changed maintainers, **are branched off from [`v0.1.27`](#0127) so they don't include the breaking changes introduced in [`xmldom-alpha@v0.1.28`](#0128)**:

## Maintainer changes

> After the last commit to the original repository <https://github.com/jindw/xmldom> on the 9th of May 2017, the first commit to this fork is from the 19th of December 2019. [The fork has been announced in the original repository on the 2nd of March 2020.](https://github.com/jindw/xmldom/issues/259)

Reviewer: Subjective: I am torn at this point whether to refer to this repo as a "fork" or as a new project location.

Assuming we continue to publish into the same `xmldom` package on npm, I would not really favor calling this a "fork".

OTOH if we would start publishing this as multiple packages in the `@xmldom` namespace on npm, which I had already reserved as an org (see issue #54), then I think "fork" would be appropriate.

Author: what about replacing `this fork` with`<https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom>` so it stays correct even if it should ever move somewhere else.

I think "the announcement of the fork" is still the correct wording for describing what happened back then.

The versions listed below have been published to one or both of the following packages:
- <https://www.npmjs.com/package/xmldom-alpha>
- <https://www.npmjs.com/package/xmldom>

> The new maintainers do not plan to continue publishing the `xmldom-alpha` package.

Reviewer: nit: Not all existing maintainers are "new". Namely @kethinov came from the original `xmldom` project location. And previous maintainers are welcome to join together with us as well. More details are in issue #9.

Author: So it could just say "The current maintainers ...", right?
Or we could simplify to "There are currently no plans to continue publishing ..."

Do you want to add a sentence about "old and new maintainers" to that section? Feel free to just do that.

> The new maintainers did not invest time to understand changes that led to the last `xmldom` version [`0.1.27`](#0127) published by the original maintainer, but consider it the basis for their work.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
The new maintainer did not invest time to understand changes that led to the last `xmldom` version [`0.1.27`](#0127) published by the original maintainer, but consider it the basis for their work.
```

the "did not invest time" part is very direct, and unfortunately very accurate as well

Reviewer: or to turn the knife:

```suggestion
The new maintainer @brodybits did not invest time to understand changes that led to the last `xmldom` version [`0.1.27`](#0127) published by the original maintainer, but consider it the basis for their work.
```

Author: Well not anybody of the "new maintainers" (which I consider to be the new xmldom org + contributors) took the time to do that, So I would leave the sentence as is.

And in case anybody takes the time, the sentence can be removed.

> A time line of all the things that happened from that version until `0.3.0` is available in <https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/issues/62> and related questions should be asked there.

Reviewer: nits:
```suggestion
A timeline of all the changes that happened from that version until `0.3.0` is available in <https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/issues/62>. Any related questions should be asked there.
```

## 0.1.28

[Commits](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/compare/v0.1.27...xmldom-alpha@v0.1.28)

Published by @jindw on the 9th of May 2017 as
- `xmldom-alpha@0.1.28`

>   - **BREAKING** [regression regarding `&nbsp;`](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/issues/57) 

Reviewer: nits - ??

```suggestion
- **BREAKING** includes [regression regarding `&nbsp;` (issue #57)](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/issues/57) 
```

I am proposing to include a verb of slightly different form (singular) from the other entries, leaving open for discussion.

- [Fix `license` field in `package.json`](https://github.com/jindw/xmldom/pull/178)
- [Conditional converting of HTML entities](https://github.com/jindw/xmldom/pull/80)
- Fix `dom.js` serialization issue for missing document element ([example that failed on `toString()` before this change](https://github.com/xmldom/xmldom/blob/a58dcf7a265522e80ce520fe3be0cddb1b976f6f/test/parse/unclosedcomment.js#L10-L11))
- Add new module `entities.js`

## 0.1.27

Published by @jindw on the 28th of Nov 2016 as 
- `xmldom@0.1.27`
- `xmldom-alpha@0.1.27` 

- Various bug fixes.

## 0.1.26

Published on the 18th of Nov 2016
as `xmldom@0.1.26`

- Details unknown

## 0.1.25

Published on the 18th of Nov 2016 as 

> - `xmldom@0.1.24`

Reviewer: ???:

```suggestion
- `xmldom@0.1.25`
```

- Details unknown

## 0.1.24

Published on the 27th of November 2016 as
- `xmldom@0.1.24`
- `xmldom-alpha@0.1.24`

- Added node filter.

## 0.1.23

Published on the 5th of May 2016 as
- `xmldom-alpha@0.1.23`

- Add namespace support for nest node serialize.
- Various other bug fixes.

## 0.1.22

- Merge XMLNS serialization.
- Remove \r from source string.
- Print namespaces for child elements.
- Switch references to nodeType to use named constants.
- Add nodelist toString support.

## 0.1.21

- Fix serialize bug.

## 0.1.20

- Optimize invalid XML support.
- Add toString sorter for attributes output.
- Add html self closed node button.
- Add `*` NS support for getElementsByTagNameNS.
- Convert attribute's value to string in setAttributeNS.
- Add support for HTML entities for HTML docs only.
- Fix TypeError when Document is created with DocumentType.

## 0.1.19

> - [Fix infinite loop on unclosed comment.](https://github.com/jindw/xmldom/issues/68)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix [infinite loop on unclosed comment (jindw/xmldom#68)](https://github.com/jindw/xmldom/issues/68)
```

(open for discussion)

- Remove coveralls.
- Disable cache in travis.
- Other refactoring.

> - more details about the transition can be found in #62

Reviewer: I think most of the info from #62 should be migrated here.

If we still need any issue references I think any issue references, I think they should be links. Just using issue number reference does not seem to work like issues & PRs.

- Fix: remove existed attribute before setting  (bug introduced in v0.1.5)
- Fix: index direct access for childNodes and any NodeList collection(not w3c standard)
- Fix: remove last child bug

> 

Reviewer: nit: remove extra line from here

```suggestion
```
